# Data221_Assignment_1
File1: This file contains variables that take in a threshold number, the final product number, and a current multiplier. It then has a while loop that will compute the multiplication if the the final product is less than the threshold. Lastly there are two print statemnets regarding the final product as well as the number that caised the product to exceed the threshold.
File2: This file contains a function that is taking a list of strings and returning a nested dictionary. There is a for loop that is looking at the lenght of the strings as well as the parity of the words in the list. The nested dictionary will print the the length as well as the parity and the words that were chosen in the print statement.
File3: This file defines a function that that will compute powers of a number and return a list of pairs. There is a list of number examples as well as a final empty list and then a for loop that will pair the final pairs of the numbers if the y value is greate than or equal to 0. Finally, there is a print statement that will print the final pairs of numbers.
File4: In this file it is first importing a random value and then creating a list of random values as sorting them. Then it is finding the indices that are less than or equal to x. Finally it is printing the sorted values, the value of x and the first matching index. There is and else statement in case there is no value of x is greater than or equal to x.
File5: This file imports math and contains a function that will compare the area of two different circles. 
